fix bugs: pdf generation, image to text
    \_ Make demo vid
        \_Show andy and abdis account manager

Get abdi to apply for funding
improve code - good variable names, type annotation, functionise
delete KMP_DUPLICATE_LIB_OK line and fix error
shut down aws
shut down firestore google

suggestion box for editing pdfs
ai summary of suggested changes
Add copy button - needs java script coding
Send out

upgrade supabase? 
improve auth - move to supabase auth
Implement payment with strip - anyone can sign up for 10£ a month
LLM to search internet
Improve UI - move away from streamlit?

Costs
LLM API key - GPT4o-mini
supabase - free
streamlit upgrade


Okay, so I think the product is now at a stage where we can start to get some initial feedback. 
Could you have a play round with it and see if you think it works alright. 
I have a list of additioonal improvments we can make for it for the second round of development but is there anything crucial we need to do now?

Before the second MVP is realsed I want to:
1) Add a suggestion box for users to suggest changes for the AI to make for the quotes
This will be accompanined with a short AI discription of suggested contex. 
For example, if the AI has had to leave [Your Company] somewhere, it will prompt the user to say what company they work for.
2) I want to code in a copy button for easy coppying of the email.
3) I want to implement any feedback we get from my cousin and your account manager. 
After doing that, I think we would be ready to push this out to a larger audience.

After doing that I have some additional changes I want to make before the product is productionised:
1) Improve authentication and link to stripe payments. 
We can launch this application so that anyone can sign up for 12$ a month say but we will also give companies which sign up themselves their own logins.
This authentication will look more similar to how you sign into other applications and will be hosted by supabase.
2) I'd want to look at using LLMs to search the web for additoonal context.
3) I would want to move the application to a better website server, probaly one we would have to pay for which would always be live and wouldn't have any water marks on etc.

For now, can you check it's good for initial feedback and also, do you have any experience with content creation? Do you reckon you can create a demo video sort of wlking through a userr experience? 
Something where you show all the features, how a user can spot a flaw in the email and then improve it by adding extra context etc...
Always something I can have a go at as well if you prefer.
Also, what are the first steps we need to do to try and get funding? Are there any actions we can do now?
Whiles we wait for some initial feedback I want to clean up my code a bit before I make any additional improvments.
We are up to well over 1500 lines of code and for long term scalibility it could do with a clean and restructuring.

Let me know your thoughts,
Thanks, Oli

https://ofgixvnkftwqcfbhjzdb.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/veloflow-company-docs/dev_team/quote_template/Tech%20Solutions%20Quote%20Template%20Ltd.pdf